hey guys thanks for stopping by
ballistic BBQ today we are grilling
Korean style short ribs also known as
Kelly ribs love them let's get going or
I'm going to start this recipe off with
the marinade and even in Korea it kind
of varies from family to family this is
something that's sort of morphed in my
household just from my discovering other
Asian ingredients that being said I
realized some of these ingredients on
using are not Korean but tastes good
good on beef pork chicken it's a good
marinade we start off with 1 cup of soy
sauce and I like to use a blender 1/2
cup of sugar now I'm using this palm
sugar and I discovered this doing a Thai
recipe stuff's great it becomes very
very creamy I love the texture of this
regular white sugar is perfect now I'm
using a 1/2 cup of black glutinous rice
wine but like a mirin would be great you
don't have to use this this is again
just something I like to use 1/2 of a
white onion and this is a medium size
your white sweet onion 1/2 cup of honey
now this is something that is going to
probably raise a few eyebrows but it's
awesome stuff and it's fish sauce now it
doesn't taste fishy it's a kind of a
distilled flavor but what it is it's a
flavor enhancer and I'm telling you in
sauces this stuff is it's a miracle
worker it brings out and enhances
flavors does not make it taste like fish
I swear to you it does not make it taste
like fish two tablespoons of freshly
minced ginger now if you don't have
access to fresh ginger use powdered
ginger but there's a special way that I
learnt of processing this and getting it
ready for the sauce if you don't do it
this way you're going to end up with
like fibers and you'll end up with hairy
meat which is awful so what I'll do is
I'll first peel the root slice it into
like coin shapes then you're going to
smash it with the side of your knife and
what that does is it pulverize --is all
the fibers and then you just finely
mince it up and you won't have that
problem with the hairs and I'm using one
tablespoon there's a lot of sweet going
on here and I like just a little bit of
warmth in the back of your throat this
is Korean chili paste I butcher the real
name but it's a good Chang or something
like that I'll put it up but if you
can't find this just any chili paste
will work fine all right now last but
certainly not least my favorite
ingredient in this marinade and that's
fresh Asian pear now if you don't have
access to Asian pear just a regular Bosh
pear would work I mean even probably
can't pears in a pinch but this just
makes this recipe there's a nice clean
crisp slightly sweet flavor to it now
let's get this blended up now I like to
start out at a lower speed on the
blender here just
get everything chocolate out splashing
all over the place they just started
creasing vsq all right so here's the
meat we're going to be cooking now this
is three pounds of beef short ribs and
it's cut it's called flanken style which
just basically means it's been cut
across the bone most butcher stores will
have this if not you can request it if
you cut this way I personally will ask
for it to be cut custom anyway I just
like it a little bit thicker than the
ribs that they're selling and one little
tip what I like to do before I prepare
these is I'll just take the tip of a
knife and scrape the meat you're going
to have dust on here from the bones from
the bandsaw they use and I could get all
that off before I put this in a marinade
all right let's get these things in a
marinade
all right so pretty basic stuff we're
going to take the container first thing
I like using these things there they're
made by caiman bro have a nice tight lid
on them you can stack them put the ribs
in here trying to make an effort to make
sure they're not you know sticking
together side by side know the marinade
just coat the original marinade what I'm
going to do now is put the lid on I want
to make sure first they're fully
immersed in this marinade put it in the
fridge and they'll be marinating from
about four to five hours before we start
this cook a little longer spine I mean
if you want to marinate them overnight
but these are gonna be about five hours
anyway I'll see at the grill all right
guys are going to start grilling up
these short ribs now and I'm going to
start off doing it a little differently
than I used to do my short ribs I used
to use a direct heat throughout the
entire cook now I'm starting off with an
indirect heat and the reason I'm doing
this is you know there's a lot of sugar
in this sauce and what I'm going to do
is just sort of get the carmelization
going now rather than having this Hut's
you know the sweet stuff dripping into
this
hot coals and starting flare-ups and
then what I'll do is more of a kind of a
I guess you could call it a reverse here
well sear these after they're pretty
much cooked
in case I didn't mention it when I took
it out of the marinade what I did was
just more or less shook off the excess
you can see that it's starting to kind
of cook through the surface now I'm
going to go and start flipping these
smells really really good
this one little close to the hot coal so
I'll be well-done
these other guys are looking really good
this is going to leave us with some very
very very juicy meat said as you know
these are just a quarter inch thin so
they don't need a whole lot of cooking
alright guys now what we're going to do
is just finish these off and again it's
more like more or less a a reverse here
get this on some direct heat it's going
to top that carmelization
alright guys we are done we get these on
the platter and we're gonna plate it up
inside alright guys here we are having
this with some jasmine rice and this is
a kind of a slaw that I made it's got
you know some red cabbage some of that
Asian pear a little cucumber some
cilantro let's give this a try smells
really really good cut around these
bones here no no if you can see that
really juicy mmm really really really
tender I love this recipe it's got
everything I love it's got nice amount
of sweet just a perfect amount of heat
it's a winner anyway guys thanks for
stopping by and I'll see you in the next
video